OSOE-675: Set stopOnFail flag to true for Lombiq.Tests.UI.Samples (#325)
Lombiq/UI-Testing-Toolbox: Lombiq.Tests.UI/Docs/Configuration.md

</ItemGroup>
```

> Note also that some projects may included the flag [stopOnFail](https://xunit.net/docs/configuration-files#stopOnFail) set to `true`, which makes further tests stop once a failing test is encountered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note also that some projects' _xunit.runner.json_ files may include the flag [stopOnFail](https://xunit.net/docs/configuration-files#stopOnFail) set to `true`, which makes further tests stop once a failing test is encountered.
```

just to be more specific
